# asemicroutes

“I dwell in possibility.”<br>
—Emily Dickinson

This navigational tool is designed to help users traverse cities in a more psychogeographic and textual way.<br>

Asemic writing usually refers to a wordless, open semantic form of literature. The open nature of asemic work allows for meaning to emerge across linguistic understanding; multiple meanings for the same symbolism are another possibility for an asemic work, that is, asemic content can be polysemantic or have zero meaning, infinite meanings, or its meaning can evolve over time. So, what happens when you apply this concept to urban navigation?<br>

asemic routes.py generates an “asemic route”—a string of ten alphanumeric characters. Users are tasked with interpreting the string as a pathway through spaces/places. I have been tracing the characters out around New York and other cities as if I am drawing crop circles with my feet; I become a kind of geo-pencil, intuitively tracing the contours of invisible letters and numbers in the streets. The alphanumeric character-routes generated by the program are not meant to tell users where to go, but rather, prompt users to playfully interpret and develop their own psychogeographic and textual pathways through spaces/places. The logic of the program is intentionally divergent from conventional navigation tools like street signs, GPS, and even commercial traffic flow that all reinforce a limited urban sensorium. asemic routes.py aims to develop experimental movement practices, what might be called “radical pedestrianism” in urban centers around the world.<br>

<b>Notes/Links:</b>

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychogeography<br>

https://jacket2.org/commentary/avant-garde-iii-situationist-maps-take-two<br>

“The open nature of asemic works allows for meaning to occur across linguistic understanding; an asemic text may be ‘read’ in a similar fashion regardless of the reader's natural language. Multiple meanings for the same symbolism are another possibility for an asemic work, that is, asemic writing can be polysemantic or have zero meaning, infinite meanings, or its meaning can evolve over time.”<br>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asemic_writing<br>

“There is no combination of characters one can make—dhcmrlchtdj, for example—that the divine Library has not foreseen and that in one or more of its secret tongues does not hide a terrible significance. There is no syllable one can speak that is not filled with tenderness and terror, that is not, in one of those languages, the mighty name of a god.”<br>
https://www.theparisreview.org/blog/2015/07/23/the-library-of-babel-as-seen-from-within<br>

“Personal Cartographies”: http://www.gpsdrawing.com/press/caj71-JeremyWood.pdf<br>

I am sharing this project on GitHub in the spirit of distribution and DIWO culture.
